---
aliases: 01
jobs: 01
tags: operation
---

[[Firebolt]] received an alert for a black-bag job involving a Canadian NATO member from an automated alert he had set up. The job is unusually well paid, and ties into [[Firebolt|Firebolt's]] existing interests.

## Session 1
Needing additional help on the job, [[Firebolt]] passed the information on to [[Leuchtturm]], who in turn arranged for [[Dazzer]] and [[Pierre]] to all meet at a nondescript chain hotel in [[Croatia|Dubrovnik]], [[Croatia]]. Business class plane tickets to the country were offered by the provider of the job. This group will henceforth be referred to as "[[The Agents]]".

### Travel to Dubrovnik

[[Dazzer]] received the job whilst on a short break in [[England]]. He got in touch with an old contact at [[England|Heathrow]] airport, named [[Agent Lander]]. [[Agent Lander]] arranged for a plane to take off unscheduled and be ditched over [[Croatia|Croatian]] airspace. [[Dazzer]] left immediately, arriving in [[Croatia|Dubrovnik]] first. Planting himself in the hotel bar, he had a few drinks whilst waiting for the others.  

[[Pierre]] received the job whilst in [[France|Paris]], and opted to travel via train in the Schengen Zone. After a sprint to [[France|Gare du Nord]], and over a day spent on trains, he arrived second to [[Croatia|Dubrovnik]], a few hours before the meeting.

[[Firebolt]] opted to take the business class flight tickets provided alongside the job, and spent the time before departure erasing any trace he had been in [[England|London]]. He arrived approximately an hour after [[Pierre]]. 

### The Meeting
At 3pm local time, Sunday, [[The Agents]] headed to the appointed room in the hotel. Inside was [[Georg Rudek]], a well-known and trusted job fixer. [[Georg Rudek|Rudek]] is passing on details of the job on behalf of his employers. [[Firebolt]] has done jobs for [[Georg Rudek|Rudek]] in the past. He offers a glass of vodka to everyone, pouring and drinking one for himself. [[Dazzer]] and [[Pierre]] accept. He then gives information on the job.

The target is [[Malcolm Lennart|Brigadier-General Malcolm Lennart]]: Approximately 60 years old, with greying hair, currently living in the suburb of [[Bosnia|Eliza]] in [[Bosnia|Sarajevo]], [[Bosnia]]. Works for the [[Canadian Governmental Groups|Canadian Airforce]], currently completing a [[NATO]] tour of operations in [[Bosnia|Camp Butmire]], [[Bosnia|Sarajevo]]. In his possession is a laptop which contains files that the employer wants destroyed. [[Malcolm Lennart|Lennart]] keeps the laptop in his possession at all times - taking it off of the [[NATO]] military base, notably against protocol. [[The Agents]] suspect that [[Malcolm Lennart|Lennart]] has likely discovered evidence of [[Serbia|Serbian]] / [[Croatia|Croatian]] war crimes that had been covered up, and doesn't want his higher ups discovering he has this information. We are to steal the laptop without drawing attention to ourselves or [[Malcolm Lennart|Lennart]], and ideally without killing him. This must be done before he leaves the country in 6 days time.

We are given €50,000 each upon accepting the job, and can collect another €50,000 after completion from [[Anton Dedopovich]]. Money is wired to [[Firebolt]]'s account from a [[Austria|Vienna]] bank account with potential links to the [[Russian Mafia]]. Crypto funds are wired to [[Pierre]] and [[Dazzer]]'s accounts from IP addresses in [[Serbia|Belgrade]], [[Serbia]]. We are given GPS coordinates for a drop site outside [[Bosnia|Gostilj]], in the [[Serbia|Serbian]] zone of [[Bosnia]]. In addition, we are given a phone number with a [[Serbia|Belgrade]] area code to call when the job is completed.

Following this, we are each given a weapon each of our choice for free, a Jeep, and addition to the option to purchase any needed supplies. [[Firebolt]] receives a Browning 9mm Pistol and a MacMillan TAC-50 Sniper Rifle with a digital thermal scope. [[Pierre]] purchases a carbon-fibre knuckleduster. [[Dazzer]] buys a Beretta M9 Pistol. 

### On Location
The group travel by jeep to [[Bosnia|Sarajevo]], crossing the border thanks to [[Georg Rudek|Rudek]]'s connections, arriving after approximately 4 hour of travel. They book a chain hotel under false names and plan for their next day. 

#### Monday
[[Pierre]] and [[Dazzer]] arrive at [[Malcolm Lennart|Lennart]]'s home at 3am to stake-out the property. Similarly, [[Firebolt]] positions himself on a nearby tower using his cover as a building inspector to observe [[Malcolm Lennart|Lennart]]'s journey to work. [[The Agents]] observe that [[Malcolm Lennart|Lennart]] has a high-end security system - approximately 30 seconds after entering the house, if a code is not entered on an alarm box, a silent alarm will be sent to both local law enforcement and [[Bosnia|Camp Butmire]]. [[Pierre]] knows a flaw in the system however: the 5 digit security code can be brute-forced with a powerful enough computer before the alarm triggers.

At exactly 6am, [[Malcolm Lennart|Lennart]] awakes. A staff car arrives at his house at approximately 6:40am, and at approximately 6:45am he leaves for work. He is seen with the laptop leaving the house, and takes the fastest route available to arrive at [[Bosnia|Camp Butmire]] for 7am. At this point, [[Firebolt]] begins to forge fake [[Canadian Governmental Groups|Canadian Airforce]] IDs, with the intent for [[Pierre]] to use them to travel onto the base should today's stake-out not provide enough information. 

At approximately 1pm, a housekeeper arrives. She has a bag of food and a key to the property, and clearly knows the alarm code. After leaving, [[Dazzer]] follows her and establishes she works for a local high-end housekeeping company that provide cleaning and meal prep services. 

[[Malcolm Lennart|Lennart]] arrives home from work in the evening with the laptop, and [[Pierre]] ends the stake-out. In the evening, [[The Agents]] do some more research on [[Malcolm Lennart|Lennart]], discovering that he originally worked as a Squadron Commander, before becoming a USAF Liaison, then a base commander, then joining [[NATO]] as a Logistics & Resource Allocation Officer in [[Italy#Naples|Naples]], before moving to [[Bosnia|Sarajevo]]. This strikes [[The Agents]] as unusual, given there is a [[NATO]] base in [[Italy|Naples]] -- It would make far more sense to continue his tour there. Following the paper trail, they discover that he was transferred from the [[Italy|Naples]] [[NATO]] base for "behavioural issues" 6 months ago -- clearly the real reasons have been burned and covered effectively. The group also discover that [[Malcolm Lennart|Lennart]] has no expertise in computing or digital intrusion, indicating that the stock security system he uses is likely his only defence for the laptop. 

#### Tuesday
In the morning, [[Pierre]] acquires standard [[Canadian Governmental Groups|Canadian Airforce]] working uniform, and proceeds to the headquarters of the company that clean [[Malcolm Lennart|Lennart]]'s home under the pretence of passing on some negative feedback he had overheard in a meeting in [[Bosnia|Camp Butmire]]. Whilst there he spots a filing cabinet which likely contains backup information on [[Malcolm Lennart|Lennart's]] security system. From a distance whilst [[Pierre]] is inside, [[Dazzer]] hacks into their wifi network and discovers that the same person is due to clean his house every Monday, Wednesday and Friday on the existing schedule. 

That night, [[Pierre]] breaks into the cleaning company offices, easily bypassing the civilian locks and skilfully dealing with the enhanced [[NATO]] security and ink packs in the filing cabinet. There, he retrieves the passcode to [[Malcolm Lennart|Lennart's]] alarm system. He pushes the drawer to to avoid setting off the packs whilst relocking it, then locks the building's doors on the way out. 

The same night, [[The Agents]] decide to move in and take the laptop from [[Malcolm Lennart|Lennart]]. [[Dazzer]] takes watch outside in the Jeep, whilst [[Pierre]] leads [[Firebolt]] inside. As a precaution, before entering, [[Firebolt]] uses his explosives knowledge specialty to rig the street's power lines to explode as a distraction whilst they are in the house in case things go wrong. They both enter the house through the window to avoid a motion-activated camera doorbell, and [[Pierre]] disarms the alarm system with time to spare. The pair then proceed to the study, where they find the laptop charging on a desk. 

With [[Firebolt]] having prepared a signal-proof bag to place the laptop in to avoid being tracked, the pair take the laptop and charger and begin to exit the house. At this moment, [[Dazzer]] spots an unmarked police car approaching the house, and warns the duo to hang back. Luckily, the car only slows as it passes [[Malcolm Lennart|Lennart]]'s house, and [[The Agents]] escape unharmed, leaving immediately. 

#### Wednesday 
[[The Agents]] drive across to [[Bosnia|Gostilj]], deep in the [[Serbia|Serbian]] zone, passing checkpoints thanks to [[Anton Dedopovich|Anton's]] connections. On the way, they decide to do some research on [[Anton Dedopovich|Anton]], discovering the following: 

Following the war, he is a well known murder and rapist. A man of awful morale character. He is known to be involved with the [[Serbian Mafia]], who are still active. He's previously been suspected of being involved in human trafficking. Once paid, [[Anton Dedopovich|Anton]] is known to be very loyal, never double-crossing people. In the last few years he's been to [[Switzerland]] a number of times, and [[The Agents]] gather through the grapevine he may be trying to set up a heroin ring from a [[Switzerland|Swiss]] private hospital. 

Being curious, [[The Agents]] also decide to go against [[Georg Rudek|Rudek's]] orders and check the contents of the laptop. They find that it is full of a large number of various files. [[Firebolt]] analyses the laptop's node traffic and finds the most pertinent information: Approximately 50% of universal donor blood received at [[NATO]] bases is unaccounted for, disappearing from the books. No single document shows this - it's only by combining about 20 or so disparate logs together that you can begin to get a picture of what is happening. The [[NATO]] base in [[Italy|Naples]] appears to be a hotspot for this. The same base also had an uncharted stealth plane leave approximately six months ago - within 2 weeks of [[Malcolm Lennart|Brigadier-General Malcolm Lennart]] being transferred to [[Bosnia|Camp Butmire]]. 

[[Firebolt]] retrieves a high-speed hard drive that he had prepared earlier so that the group can make a copy of this data to send to [[Leuchtturm]]. They additionally decide that before arriving at the drop site, [[Firebolt]] will be dropped off on a nearby hill to the East to provide sniper cover for the exchange. [[The Agents]] see that the drop site is in a cemetery.  

### The Drop
Upon arrival, [[Pierre]] catches sight of another sniper hidden in a hill to the West - directly opposite [[Firebolt]]. [[Firebolt]] repositions so that he can not be seen by the sniper, but has a clear line of sight on the meeting point. [[Pierre]] and [[Dazzer]] approach in the jeep, seeing 3 figures silhouetted behind bright headlights. Using his thermal scope, [[Firebolt]] relays that there are four individuals there. Three are armed with particularly nasty automatic assault weapons. 

[[Pierre]] and [[Dazzer]] meet with [[Anton Dedopovich]], who complains that they didn't bring a briefcase for the laptop. They give the laptop to one of the thugs, named [[Slobodan]], who hands them a briefcase filled with notes. The enemy sniper, [[Vladek]], then fires at [[Dazzer]]. 

Reacting immediately, [[Firebolt]] shoots one of the thugs to the rear through the heart, having already been in position. [[Pierre]] begins panicking that a fight has broken out, and tries to grab [[Slobodan]], succeeding and angling him between him and the sniper. [[Dazzer]] races back to the Jeep and drives it forwards into [[Anton Dedopovich|Anton]], whilst being shot at by the remaining thug. [[Firebolt]] fires off two more shots, killing both the nameless thug and [[Anton Dedopovich|Anton]]. [[Slobodan]] then break free from [[Pierre]] and runs away into the gravestones, but is shot by [[Dazzer]] in the leg. [[Pierre]] runs to hide behind a nearby mausoleum to take cover from [[Vladek]], as [[Firebolt]] re-positions to aim at [[Vladek]] himself. 

[[Dazzer]] throws a knife into [[Slobodan]]'s head, killing him, just as [[Firebolt]] looks down his own scope to see [[Vladek]]'s scope aimed back at him. Just as [[Firebolt]] is ready to fire, [[Vladek]] puts up a white flag, slowly stands up, and backs away towards a bag of gear before running for cover. [[Firebolt]] allows this to happen, deciding not to commit a war crime. 

### The Aftermath
[[Pierre]] and [[Dazzer]] are composing themselves when they hear a scratching noise coming from a nearby mausoleum. Reluctant to check it out, the two set about re-gathering their things and preparing the truck to leave as [[Firebolt]] sets off at a run to cross the distance to them. Whilst he is on the way, [[Pierre]] and [[Dazzer]] discover that the briefcase of money given to them contained approximately €200, not the promised €150,000. Upon arriving, [[Pierre]] and [[Dazzer]] are eager to leave, but [[Firebolt]] insists on checking out the mausoleum in case hostages or civilians are trapped inside. 

Upon entering, a broom falls out of the door, and [[Firebolt]] notes several superstition-based wards inside the mausoleum - the broom against the door being the first, followed by blood sprayed on the inside of a door (The blood of a black dog is said to ward off and appease spirits), a solid salt circle surrounding the coffin, a bible open to Peter I, and a strong smell of garlic. In addition to this, there is also the smell of burning flesh coming from the coffin, which is additionally the source of the scratching noise. Sunlight is just starting to hit it. 

[[Firebolt]] calls out to the coffin, but receives no response. Perturbed by the strange situation, it doesn't take much for [[Dazzer]] to convince [[The Agents]] they should leave. They set off, with [[Pierre]] smoking a cigarette out the window to calm down after witnessing death for the first time. [[Firebolt]] calls a number [[Georg Rudek|Rudek]] gave him to ring once the job is completed, to let them know what happened. [[The Agents]] also contact [[Leuchtturm]] to inform him that they plan to go to [[Italy|Naples]] via [[Serbia|Belgrade]] to try and find out more information on what happened, and what is still happening. 

### Summary
[[The Agents]], following a lead by [[Firebolt]], receive a well-paid job alert involving a [[Canada|Canadian]] [[NATO]] member, [[Malcolm Lennart|Brigadier-General Malcolm Lennart]]. They gather in [[Croatia|Dubrovnik]], [[Croatia]], with [[Dazzer]] and [[Pierre]] joining [[Firebolt]]. A fixer named [[Georg Rudek]] informs them their objective is to steal a laptop believed to contain evidence of covered-up war crimes before [[Malcolm Lennart|Lennart]] leaves [[Bosnia]] in six days. They conduct surveillance on [[Malcolm Lennart|Lennart's]] high-security home, identify weaknesses, and learn about his housekeeper's schedule.

Two days after arriving, at night, [[Firebolt]] and [[Pierre]] break into [[Malcolm Lennart|Lennart's]] house while [[Dazzer]] keeps watch. They successfully retrieve the laptop, narrowly avoiding encountering an unmarked police car during their escape. The group then travels to a drop site outside [[Bosnia|Gostilj]] in the [[Serbia|Serbian]] zone of [[Bosnia]] for an exchange with a contact provided by [[Georg Rudek|Rudek]] named [[Anton Dedopovich]]. However, they are ambushed by an enemy sniper and armed thugs employed by him. A firefight ensues, resulting in the elimination of the attackers and [[Anton Dedopovich|Anton]].

Regrouping, [[The Agents]] briefly investigate a nearby mausoleum, warded with many local superstitions including garlic and christian imagery. They leave on [[Dazzer|Dazzer's]] advice, ignoring the smell of burning flesh and scratching noises. [[The Agents]] then decide to investigate further in [[Serbia|Belgrade]], [[Serbia]] and then [[Italy|Naples]], [[Italy]], to further explore the laptop's contents and unravel the truth behind them. They inform their employers of what happened, and [[Leuchtturm]] of their plans, and intend to find out more about the stolen data and the suspicious activities surrounding [[Malcolm Lennart|Lennart's]] transfer from the [[NATO]] base in [[Italy|Naples]].